Gemini connector spec (#891)
Worklytics/psoxy: CHANGELOG.md

- `slack` : discovery rules now allow names of accounts with `is_bot==true` and with user id as `USLACKBOT` to pass through; are now "default deny" on API fields, returning only data matching expected fields.
- `GitHub Copilot`: Added new connector for supporting fetching Copilot data from GitHub.
- `GitHub`: Rules updated for tokenizing team slug name and redacting URLS not required.

> - `Google Gemini`: Added new connector for supporting fetching Gemini data from Google.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Google Gemini for Workspace`: Added new connector for supporting fetching Gemini usage data within a Google Workspace organization.
```
